feat: cache autoconfig in store, init from store (#593)
launchdarkly/ld-relay: docs/configuration.md

|--------------------------|---------------------------------------|:-------:|:--------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `key`                    | `AUTO_CONFIG_KEY`                     | String  |         | A valid Relay Proxy automatic configuration key.                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| `cacheKey`               | `AUTO_CONFIG_CACHE_KEY`                | String  |         | Enables AutoConfig caching in the persistent store (Redis/Valkey or DynamoDB). Requires Redis or DynamoDB. Multiple Relay instances can share the same store by using different cache keys. _(7)_ |

> | `cacheEncryptionKey`     | `AUTO_CONFIG_CACHE_ENCRYPTION_KEY`    | String  | _(auto)_ | Encrypts cached AutoConfig data. Can be any string; derived to a 256-bit AES key via SHA-256. If omitted, the AutoConfig key is used. _(7)_ |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `cacheEncryptionKey`     | `AUTO_CONFIG_CACHE_ENCRYPTION_KEY`    | String  | _(auto)_ | Encrypts cached AutoConfig data. must be a high-entropy secret  (e.g., from openssl rand -base64 32 or a password manager). This value is not processed through a password-hardening KDF. _(7)_ |
```

> | `cacheEncryptionKey`     | `AUTO_CONFIG_CACHE_ENCRYPTION_KEY`    | String  | _(auto)_ | Encrypts cached AutoConfig data. must be a high-entropy secret  (e.g., from openssl rand -base64 32 or a password manager). This value is not processed through a password-hardening KDF. _(7)_ |

Reviewer 2: I am not sure about saying KDF in the documentation for this key without some kind of clarification.

Reviewer 3: What do you think about just dropping the last sentence?
